Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solution-term-paper-virtualization
<br>
This assignment contains two (2) sections: Written Report and PowerPoint Presentation. You must submit both sections as separate files for the completion of this assignment. Label each file name according to the section of the assignment it is written for. Additionally, you may create and / or assume all necessary assumptions needed for the completion of this assignment.

According to a TechRepublic survey performed in 2013, (located at http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/data-center/research-desktop-virtualization-growing-in-popularity/#) desktop virtualization is growing in popularity. Use the Internet and Strayer Library to research this technique. Research the top three (3) selling brands of virtualization software.

Imagine that the Chief Technology Officer (CTO) of your organization, or of an organization in which you are familiar, has tasked you with researching the potential for using virtualization in the organization. You must write a report that the CTO and many others within the organization will read. You must also summarize the paper and share your key ideas, via a PowerPoint presentation, with the CTO and steering committee of the organization.

This paper and presentation should enlighten the organization as to whether or not virtualization is a worthwhile investment that could yield eventual savings to the organization.

Section 1: Written Report

Write an six to eight (6-8) page paper in which you:Compare and contrast the top three (3) brands of virtualization software available. Focus your efforts on components such as standard configuration, hardware requirements price, and associated costs.Examine the major pros and major cons of each of the top three (3) software packages available. Recommend the virtualization software that you feel is most appropriate for the organization. Provide a rationale for your recommendation.Explore the major advantages and major disadvantages that your chosen organization may experience when using virtualization software. Give your opinion on whether or not you believe virtualization software is the right fit for your chosen company. Provide a rationale for your response.Create a Microsoft Word table that identifies the advantages, disadvantages, computer requirements, initial costs, and future savings for an organization considering an engagement in virtualization.Use at least six (6) quality resources in this assignment. Note: Wikipedia and similar Websites do not qualify as quality resources.Your assignment must follow these formatting requirements:

Be typed, double spaced, using Times New Roman font (size 12), with one-inch margins on all sides; citations and references must follow APA or school-specific format. Check with your professor for any additional instructions.Include a cover page containing the title of the assignment, the student’s name, the professor’s name, the course title, and the date. The cover page and the reference page are not included in the required assignment page length.Section 2: PowerPoint Presentation

Create a twelve (12) to sixteen (16) slide PowerPoint in which you:Illustrate the concepts from your written report in Section 1 of this assignment.Create bulleted speaking notes for your presentation to the CTO and steering committee in the Notes section of the PowerPoint. Note: You may create or assume any fictitious names, data, or scenarios that have not been established throughout this assignment for a realistic flow of communication.Use a professional, technically written style to graphically convey the information.The specific course learning outcomes associated with this assignment are:

Analyze the types of organizational and computer architectures for integrating systems.Analyze the main classes of hardware and system software components in an enterprise context.Discuss common input / output technologies.Describe computing technology, architecture, and future trends in processing.Use technology and information resources to research issues in enterprise architecture.Write clearly and concisely about Advanced Computer Architecture topics using proper writing mechanics and technical style conventions.


